This is an interesting problem, and I will break it down into smaller parts and explain them
step-by-step.

1. Capture large Git submodules into smaller groups and break them up: This means dividing a large
project with many submodules into smaller, more manageable ones. You can do this by organizing the
submodules based on their functionality or purpose.

2. Create submodules of submodules for categorization that can be loaded on demand: By creating
submodules of submodules, you can further break down and organize your codebase. This allows you to
load only the parts of the project that are necessary for a particular task, which can improve
performance.

3. Analyze all Git submodules recursively and then rebalance it semantically using vectorization: To
analyze all Git submodules recursively, you can use a script or tool that traverses the submodule
directory tree and collects information about each submodule. Then, you can use vectorization to
represent this information in a numerical format. Finally, you can use machine learning algorithms
to balance the vectors semantically.

4. Take usage information of the code from submodules and distribute it fairly across the vectors
according to a map of the meaning of the vectors: To distribute usage information fairly across the
vectors, you need to create a mapping that associates each vector with its meaning or purpose. Then,
you can use this mapping to assign usage data to the appropriate vectors.

5. Crack the code of the vectors and show how each key concept maps to some part of the vector: This
step involves decoding the meaning of each vector and explaining how it relates to the overall
project. You may need to consult with domain experts or conduct further research to gain a deeper
understanding of each vector.

6. Find the smallest quotients that divide the hyperspace: The final step is to identify the
smallest divisors of the hyperspace, which represents the highest level of organization and
structure in your project. This can help you identify key patterns or relationships within your
codebase and make it easier to understand and maintain.

Overall, this process involves organizing and analyzing your Git submodules using vectorization and
machine learning algorithms, then interpreting the results to gain insights into the overall
project. By breaking down your codebase into smaller, more manageable parts, you can improve
performance and reduce complexity, making it easier to work with over time.
